REALTIME TEAM COLLABORATION PLATFORM FOR SOFTWARE PROJECT MANAGEMENT

1. Introduction

The Real-time Team Collaboration Platform For Software Project Management is an application where
users can manage their project's tasks and communicate with other users in real-time. So the application
utilizes the websocket protocol for real-time interactions,  enhancing collaborative work experiences. Simultaneously, it leverages
HTTP(Hyper Text Transfer Protocol) for the tasks that don't need real-time communication, creating a hybrid architecture that optimizes performance.
In addition to its real-time capabilities, the application harnesses the power of Machine Learning to recommend the most suitable projects to individual users. 
These recommendations are based on user profiles and explicit familiarity ratings, enhancing the project selection process.


3. Related Work

So here since I am using websocket protocol for real-time capabilities, I have refered some research papers
 about websockets.

"Research of Web Real-Time Communication Based on Web Socket" this research paper talks about how to adopt websocket
 protocol for real-time communication. It also discusses the benefits of using websocket protocol. Since websocket is
 a modern protocol, before websocket was introduced the real-time communication in web applications was acieved through a
 technique called polling. And there are two types of polling techniques called as 'Long Polling' and 'Short Polling'.
 But these approaches were less efficient and more complex.

Since the application also uses Machine Learning capabilities for suggesting suitable projects for users, I have refered some research
 papers about that as well.

"A framework for collaborative filtering recommender systems" this research papers provides an overview about collaborative recommendations.
 It describes what is collaborative filtering and its requirements.

"A content-based recommender system for computer science publications" this research paper explains about a research that has been done
 using content based recommendation method. In this research they have introduced a content based recommender system that recommends journels and
 Conferences for authors who are trying to submit their computer science publicatons. By refering this paper I have learnt some important terminologies
 about content based filtering and how it works. So according to the paper they have used "Chi-Square Feature Selection" and "Softmax Regression (Multinomial Logistic Regression)"
 as a machine learning classification algorithm.






